Header: https://www.claim.co/
Claim - Benefits with Friends 🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimBenefits with FriendsDiscover your new favorite things, earn cash back, and share the benefits with friends.Join ClaimClaim for MarketersDiscover new things.Find new brands you'll love and get authentic recommendations from friends based on what they actually buy.Earn cash back.Try stuff, get Venmo’d. Earn cash back and rewards on coffees, workout classes, hoodies, and so much more.Share the fun.Use your rewards or trade with friends. When you earn, your friends benefit too!We’re serious about security and privacyWe will never sell your personal information and we use industry-leading technology to make sure your data stays secure and private.Backed by the bestAnd loved by our usersGet rewarded when you discover new brandsJoin Claim© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co//schools-with-claim
Claim - Eligible Schools 🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimClaim is live on 70+ campusesDon't see your school? We're expanding quickly! Let us know if you'd like Claim to come to your campus next.Download ClaimRequest Your SchoolArizonaArizona State UniversityPhoenix, AZArizona CaliforniaCSU NorthridgeNorthridge, CACalifornia San Diego State UniversitySan Diego, CACalifornia San Jose State UniversitySan Jose, CACalifornia Santa Clara UniversitySanta Clara, CACalifornia Stanford UniversityPalo Alto, CACalifornia University of California, BerkeleyBerkeley, CACalifornia University of California, IrvineIrvine, CACalifornia University of California, Los AngelesLos Angeles, CACalifornia University of California, San DiegoSan Diego, CACalifornia University of California, Santa BarbaraSanta Barbara, CACalifornia University of San DiegoSan Diego, CACalifornia University of Southern CaliforniaLos Angeles, CACalifornia ColoradoUniversity of Colorado BoulderBoulder, COColorado DelawareUniversity of DelawareNewark, DEDelaware District of ColumbiaAmerican UniversityWashington, DCDistrict of Columbia Catholic UniversityWashington, DCDistrict of Columbia George Washington UniversityWashington, DCDistrict of Columbia Georgetown UniversityWashington, DCDistrict of Columbia Howard UniversityWashington, DCDistrict of Columbia University of the District of ColumbiaWashington, DCDistrict of Columbia FloridaUniversity of MiamiMiami, FLFlorida GeorgiaEmory UniversityAtlanta, GAGeorgia Georgia TechAtlanta, GAGeorgia IllinoisDePaul UniversityChicago, ILIllinois Northwestern UniversityEvanston, ILIllinois IndianaIndiana UniversityBloomington, INIndiana MarylandUniversity of MarylandCollege Park, MDMaryland MassachusettsBoston CollegeBoston, MAMassachusetts Boston UniversityBoston, MAMassachusetts Harvard UniversityCambridge, MAMassachusetts MITBoston, MAMassachusetts Northeastern UniversityBoston, MAMassachusetts Tufts UniversityMedford, MAMassachusetts MichiganUniversity of MichiganAnn Arbor, MIMichigan MinnesotaUniversity of MinnesotaMinneapolis, MNMinnesota New YorkColumbia UniversityNew York, NYNew York Fordham UniversityNew York, NYNew York New York UniversityNew York, NYNew York North CarolinaNC State UniversityRaleigh, NCNorth Carolina University of North Carolina at Chapel HillChapel Hill, NCNorth Carolina OhioOhio State UniversityColumbus, OHOhio PennsylvaniaDrexel UniversityPhiladelphia, PAPennsylvania Penn State UniversityUniversity Park, PAPennsylvania Temple UniversityPhiladelphia, PAPennsylvania University of PennsylvaniaPhiladelphia, PAPennsylvania University of PittsburghPittsburgh, PAPennsylvania Rhode IslandBrown UniversityProvidence, RIRhode Island South CarolinaUniversity of South CarolinaColumbia, SCSouth Carolina TexasRice UniversityHouston, TXTexas Texas A&M UniversityCollege Station, TXTexas Texas Christian UniversityFort Worth, TXTexas University of HoustonHouston, TXTexas University of Texas at AustinAustin, TXTexas VirginiaUniversity of VirginiaCharlottesville, VAVirginia Virginia Commonwealth UniversityRichmond, VAVirginia Virginia TechBlacksburg, VAVirginia WashingtonUniversity of WashingtonSeattle, WAWashington WisconsinUniversity of Wisconsin MadisonMadison, WIWisconsin © 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co//team
Claim - Team🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimWe're on a mission to change the future of shoppingHi, nice to meet you.We’re on a mission to make shopping fun, rewarding, and social. We believe you should benefit from trying new brands and helping friends discover new places. If this resonates, we’d love to meet you.Working at ClaimOur TeamWe’re a small team and we love what we’re doing.Co-founders Sam & Tap were college roommates and initially conceived Claim when they reunited in business school.Testing began on Harvard's campus in early 2023 and we've rapidly expanded across colleges since, on track to become Gen Z's #1 social shopping app.Eric EstroffAdvisor© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co//privacy-policy
Claim - Privacy Policy🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimPrivacy PolicyUpdated April 10, 2024This Privacy Policy describes how Claim Digital Assets Inc. (“Claim,” “we”, “us” or “our”) processes personal information that we collect through our digital properties that link to this Privacy Policy, including our website and mobile application (collectively, the “Service”), as well as through social media, our marketing activities, and other activities described in this Privacy Policy.Personal information we collectInformation you provide to us. Personal information you may provide to us through the Service or otherwise includes:Contact data, such as your first and last name, email address, and phone number.Profile data, such as the username and password that you may set to establish an online account on the Service, links to your profiles on social networks, interests, preferences, information about your participation in our contests, promotions, or surveys, and any other information that you add to your account profile. Communications that we exchange with you, including when you contact us through the Service, social media, or otherwise.Transactional data such as data obtained from a linked credit or debit card(Linked Card) and information we obtain from other companies (Third Party Service Providers) related to the Services, including information about transactions such as merchant name and location, purchase amount, date and time, and applicable payment network (Card Payment Network). For clarity, our Third Party Service Providers will not provide us with your 16 digit Linked Card account number. Please refer to the Third-party sources section below for details on our Third Party Service Providers and links to their privacy policies for more information on how your Linked Card information is collected and processed by those providers.Marketing data, such as when our join our waitlist and your preferences for receiving our marketing communications and details about your engagement with them.User-generated content, such as profile pictures, photos, images, comments, questions, messages, works of authorship, and other content or information that you generate, transmit, or otherwise make available on the Service, as well as associated metadata. Metadata includes information on how, when, where and by whom a piece of content was collected and how that content has been formatted or edited. Metadata also includes information that users can add or can have added to their content, such as keywords, geographical or location information, and other similar data.Financial data, such as your virtual currency or wallet accounts, stored value accounts, and associated details.Job application data, such as information you submit in connection with an application for a job (including information in a CV, resume or otherwise collected through the job application process).Other data not specifically listed here, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.Third-party sources. We may combine personal information we receive from you with personal information we obtain from other sources, such as:Public sources, such as social media platforms, public blockchain(s), and other publicly available sources.Third Party Service Providers, such as third-party services (e.g., Google (https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US), Plaid Technologies Inc. (Plaid) (https://plaid.com/legal/), and PayPal Inc. (PayPal) (https://www.paypal.com/us/legalhub/privacy-full), along with their affiliated companies) that you use to log into, or otherwise link to, your Service account. This data may include your username, profile picture and other information, including transactions history and other financial data associated with your account on that third-party service that is made available to us based on your account settings on that service.Card Payment Networks related to the Service (e.g., Visa Inc. (Visa), Mastercard Inc. (Mastercard), and American Express Company (Amex)) and their affiliated companies.Automatic data collection. We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Service, our communications and other online services, such as:Device data, such as your computer’s or mobile device’s operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, RAM and disk size, CPU usage, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), IP address, unique identifiers (including identifiers used for advertising purposes), language settings, mobile device carrier, radio/network information (e.g., Wi-Fi, LTE, 3G), and general location information such as city, state or geographic area.Online activity data, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, the website you visited before browsing to the Service, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times and duration of access, and whether you have opened our emails or clicked links within them.Location data when you authorize (our mobile application/the Service) to access your device’s location.Data about others. We may offer features that help users invite their friends or contacts to use the Service, and we may collect contact details about these invitees so we can deliver their invitations.How we use your personal informationWe may use your personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection:Service delivery. We may use your personal information to:Administer transactions related to the Service. Claim and its Third Party Service Providers may use transactional data for the following purposes:o to confirm a qualifying purchase or return to match transactions to confirm whether you qualify for rewards;o to share with the participating merchants where a transaction occurred for the merchant to confirm a specific transaction occurred;‍o to share your Linked Card information with the Card Payment Network so that network knows you enrolled and to identify qualifying purchases; ando to create a record of the transactional data and thereafter maintain and use data in connection with operating the Service;provide, operate and improve the Service and our business;establish and maintain your user profile on the Service;facilitate your invitations to friends who you want to invite to join the Service;enable security features of the Service, such as by sending you security codes via email or SMS, and remembering devices from which you have previously logged in;communicate with you about the Service, including by sending announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Service and our communications; andprovide support for the Service, and respond to your requests, questions and feedback.Research and development. We may use your personal information for research and development purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and our business.Marketing. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information to send you direct marketing communications. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the Opt-out of marketing section below.To manage our recruiting and process job applications. We may use personal information, such as information submitted to us in a job application, to facilitate our recruitment activities and process job applications, such as by evaluating a candidate for a job, and monitoring recruitment statistics.Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information (including, but not limited to, transactional data) to:comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements or our internal policies;enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; andprevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.To personalize your experience. We may use your personal information to personalize certain features and content for you, for example, we may use information about you to alert you to or share details about specific rewards that you may be eligible for or may be otherwise of interest to you.With your consent. In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information, such as when required by law.To create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data. We may create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data from your personal information and other individuals whose personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data by removing information that makes the data identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and promote our business.Cookies and analytics. In addition to the other uses included in this section, we may use the below technologies for the following purposes:Technical operation. To allow the technical operation of the Service, such as by remembering your selections and preferences as you navigate the site, and whether you are logged in when you visit password protected areas of the Service.Analytics. To help us understand user activity on the Service, including which pages are most and least visited and how visitors move around the Service, as well as user interactions with our emails. For example, we may use Google Analytics for this purpose. You can learn more about Google Analytics and how to prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our sites here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.Retention. We generally retain personal information to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, to establish or defend legal claims, or for fraud prevention purposes. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we may consider factors such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.How we share your personal informationWe may share your personal information with the following parties and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection.Service providers. Third parties that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Service or our business (such as digital asset management services, hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery, marketing, consumer research and website analytics).Linked third-party services. If you log into the Service with, or otherwise link your Service account to, a social media or other third-party service, we may share your personal information with that third-party service. The third party’s use of the shared information will be governed by its privacy policy and the settings associated with your account with the third-party service.Professional advisors. Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.Authorities and others. Law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the compliance and protection purposes described above.Business transferees. Acquirers and other relevant participants in business transactions (or negotiations of or due diligence for such transactions) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business or assets of, or equity interests in, Claim or our affiliates (including, in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings).Other users and the public. Your profile and other user-generated content (except for private messages) may be visible to other users of the Service and the public. For example, other users of the Service or the public may have access to your information if you chose to make your profile or other personal information available to them through the Service, such as when you provide comments, reviews, survey responses, or share other content. This information can be seen, collected and used by others, including being cached, copied, screen captured or stored elsewhere by others (e.g., search engines), and we are not responsible for any such use of this information.We make commercially reasonable efforts to verify that the parties with whom our mobile application shares personal information provide a level of protection of personal information consistent with the practices described in this Privacy Policy, except that all such parties described above other than service providers and affiliates may, to the extent permitted by law, use personal information as described in their own privacy policies.Messaging Carveout. All above exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.Your choicesAccess or update your information. If you have registered for an account with us through the Service, you may review and update certain account information by logging into the account.Opt-out of marketing communications. You may opt-out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email, or by contacting us. Please note that if you choose to opt-out of marketing-related emails, you may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.Mobile location data. You can disable our access to your device’s precise geolocation in your mobile device settings.Do Not Track. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.Declining to provide information. We need to collect personal information to provide certain services. If you do not provide the information we identify as required or mandatory, we may not be able to provide those services.Linked third-party platforms. If you choose to connect to the Service through your social media account or other third-party platform, you may be able to use your settings in your account with that platform to limit the information we receive from it. If you revoke our ability to access information from a third-party platform, that choice will not apply to information that we have already received from that third party.Unlink Linked Card or opt-out of Services. You can unlink you card(s) and opt out ofthe services at any time through the “Settings” section of your profile; under the “Linked Card” section you can choose to remove a card or cards by clicking the remove button beside the Linked Card(s) you wish to remove. Once you confirm removal, the card will be unlinked from your account and all transaction monitoring associated with Claim will be ceased.Delete your content or close your account. You can choose to delete certain content through your account. You may delete your account at any time. This is accessed through the “Settings” section of your profile, under the “Preferences” section you can delete your account by clicking the “Delete Account” button.Other sites and servicesThe Service may contain links to websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties. In addition, our content may be integrated into web pages or other online services that are not associated with us. These links and integrations are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. We do not control websites, mobile applications or online services operated by third parties, and we are not responsible for their actions. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites, mobile applications and online services you use.Security We employ a number of technical, organizational and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect. However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.International data transferWe are headquartered in the United States and may use service providers that operate in other countries. Your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your state, province, or country.Children The Service is not intended for use by anyone under 18 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian of a child from whom you believe we have collected personal information in a manner prohibited by law, please contact us. If we learn that we have collected personal information through the Service from a child without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian as required by law, we will comply with applicable legal requirements to delete the information.Changes to this Privacy Policy We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the Service or other appropriate means. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the modified version (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your use of the Service after the effective date of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.Contact InformationClaim Digital Assets Inc.50 Milk St, 16th FloorBoston, MA 02109Customer Service Text: (201) 559-0484© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co/sms:+12015590484
Claim - 404 Not FoundTeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimIs this a group project?Because we're letting you down.We can't find this page anywhere.Back to Home
 Header: https://www.claim.co//for-marketers
Claim - For Marketers🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQClaim Your BrandGen Z thinks and acts differently.Claim helps you acquire and engage the next generation of shoppers, risk-free.Claim Your BrandWatch our VideoWhat is Claim?We are a social shopping app that matches Gen Z consumers with their new favorite brands via linked credit cards and social habits. Consumers earn cash back for discovering, returning to, and sharing places they’ll love, with Claims.A New Playbook:70+Major universities on Claim (invite-only)4.8xReturn on ad spend$0Upfront cost50%Conversion lift following a Claim drop"Claim is a secret unlock for leading experience brands to reach Gen Z"Ben DraaVP of Strategy, Golden State WarriorsOur collaboration with Claim has resulted in impressive metrics, including a notable increase in return on ad spend, decrease in CAC for this segment, and a substantial lift in conversion rates following Claim drops. This partnership has not only expanded our customer base but also deepened our connection with the next generation of consumers.Teresa FullerSVP Marketing and Partnerships, Bask Suncare"A match made in hungry college student heaven! So good to be working with you all"Henry BorgesonCEO, Roots Natural Kitchen"Claim has been an effective way for us to introduce our brand to our desired target audience of college-aged individuals with an affinity and interest in mission-driven brands"Brandon BlumCo-Founder, For OthersFeatured Brands ON Claim:Tailored solutions for every business:Claim for RestaurantsClaim for Brick and MortarClaim for E-commerceWhat Claimers are CravingFind hungry Claimers looking for their new favorite coffee shops and date spots.Drive foot traffic now →Claim for Main StreetFind Claimers IRL looking for their new workout obsessions or wardrobe staples.Increase visits now →Direct to ClaimersAuthentically surface new products to Claimers, nationwide.Increase market share now →Why do we exist?We believe advertising is broken.‍‍Consumers want privacy, brands can’t afford to find new customers, and no one is happy.We bring delight back to the discovery process for everyone.Who’s on Claim?The next generation of customers: college students and Gen Z. Claim is a campus favorite at trendsetting schools across the country — from USC and Harvard, to UT Austin and Michigan.And we’re expanding to new campuses each month.What’s the catch?Literally none. With Claim, you:Only pay for customers Claim acquires or retainsCan start tomorrow with no upfront costDon't need any integrationsClaim is backed by the bestStop chasing Gen Z and start reaching them.Get launched on Claim in as little as 24 hours.No integrations requiredNo trainingNo upfront costMoney back guaranteeClaim Your Brand© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co//terms-and-conditions
Claim - Terms and Conditions🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimTerms and ConditionsUpdated August 29, 2024The website located at www.claim.co (the “Site”) is a copyrighted work belonging to Claim Digital Assets Inc. (“Company”, “us”, “our”, and “we”). Certain features of the Site may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted on the Site in connection with such features. All such additional terms, guidelines, and rules are incorporated by reference into these Terms.THESE TERMS OF USE (THESE “TERMS”) SET FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE SITE. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT), AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT, AUTHORITY, AND CAPACITY TO ENTER INTO THESE TERMS (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT). YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE OR ACCEPT THE TERMS IF YOU ARE NOT AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS AND/OR USE THE SITE.THESE TERMS REQUIRE THE USE OF ARBITRATION (SECTION 10.2) ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS, AND ALSO LIMIT THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO YOU IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE.1. Accounts1.1 Account Creation. In order to use certain features of the Site, you must register for an account (“Account”) and provide certain information about yourself as prompted by the account registration form. You represent and warrant that: (a) all required registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information. You may delete your Account at any time, for any reason, by following the instructions on the Site. Company may suspend or terminate your Account in accordance with Section 8.1.2 Account Responsibilities. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account login information and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Account. You agree to immediately notify Company of any unauthorized use, or suspected unauthorized use of your Account or any other breach of security. Company cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above requirements.1.3 Card Account Linking. You may connect certain credit or debit cards held in your individual name and on recognized credit and debit card payment networks participating in our Site (Card Payment Networks) as determined by us and our Third Party Service Providers from time to time (Eligible Payment Cards) to your Account (Linked Card) in order to receive rewards including, but not limited to, points and cash back (Rewards) based on purchases of goods and/or services from a merchant on Company’s platform (Merchant), which comply with the terms associated with an Offer available at that Merchant made with that Linked Card. Card Payment Networks may include, but are not limited to, Visa Inc. (Visa), Mastercard Inc. (Mastercard), and American Express Company (Amex), and their affiliated companies. You represent and warrant that you are the owner of your Linked Card. You understand and agree that Company may partner with other companies (Third Party Service Providers) to act on our behalf or assist us in providing the Site and our services including to connect to your Linked Card and to understand whether a transaction is eligible to receive a reward (Qualified Transaction) with a Merchant. Third Party Service Providers may include, but are not limited to, Plaid Technologies Inc. (Plaid), PayPal Inc. (PayPal), and the Card Payment Networks, along with each of their affiliated companies.2. Access to the Site2.1 License. Subject to these Terms, Company grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use and access the Site solely for your own personal, noncommercial use.2.2 Certain Restrictions. The rights granted to you in these Terms are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Site, whether in whole or in part, or any content displayed on the Site; (b) you shall not modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Site; (c) you shall not access the Site in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service; and (d) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Site may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means. Unless otherwise indicated, any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Site shall be subject to these Terms. All copyright and other proprietary notices on the Site (or on any content displayed on the Site) must be retained on all copies thereof.2.3 Modification. Company reserves the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Site (in whole or in part) with or without notice to you. You agree that Company will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Site or any part thereof.2.4 No Support or Maintenance. You acknowledge and agree that Company will have no obligation to provide you with any support or maintenance in connection with the Site.2.5 Ownership. Excluding any User Content that you may provide (defined below), you acknowledge that all the intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patents, trade marks, and trade secrets, in the Site and its content are owned by Company or Company’s suppliers. Neither these Terms (nor your access to the Site) transfers to you or any third party any rights, title or interest in or to such intellectual property rights, except for the limited access rights expressly set forth in Section 2.1. Company and its suppliers reserve all rights not granted in these Terms. There are no implied licenses granted under these Terms.2.6 Linked Cards and Transaction Monitoring. You understand and agree that you can connect one or more credit cards or debit cards via a Third Party Service Provider by navigating to your Account's settings menu on the Site. By using the Site and/or by agreeing to these Terms, you authorize the sharing, exchange and use of personal information described herein and in the Company's privacy policy by and among the Company and its Third Party Service Providers, including applicable Card Payment Networks and applicable Merchants, and authorize such Third Party Service Providers to monitor transactions on your Linked Card(s) to identify Qualified Transactions in order to determine whether you have qualified for or earned an Offer linked to your Linked Card, and authorize the Third Party Service Providers to share such transaction details with the Company to enable your card-linked Offer(s) and provide Offers that may be of interest to you. Such transaction details may include, but are not limited to, your Linked Card’s identifier and Card Payment Network, and the transaction’s Merchant, time, location, and amount. You acknowledge that the Card Payment Networks may be unable to monitor every transaction made with your Linked Card including Personal Identification Number (PIN) based purchases on debit cards, purchases you initiate through identification technology that substitutes for a PIN, payments made through other payment methods (such as a digital wallet or a third party payment app, where you may choose your Linked Card as a funding source but you do not present your Linked Card directly to the merchant), payments of existing balances, balance transfers, or transactions that are not processed or submitted through the Card Payment Network payment systems, and that these transactions are not eligible as Qualified Transactions. If you register a debit card, your transaction must be processed as a ‘credit’ (i.e., signature) transaction to ensure that the transaction can be monitored. Use of a PIN when paying for a Qualified Transaction with a Linked Card may disqualify the transaction from eligibility for Rewards or Offer completion. You understand that you may disconnect a Linked Card at any time via the Service’s Settings menu, proceeding to the Linked Card screen and tapping “Remove” to permanently remove your linked card(s). You understand and agree that by disconnecting or failing to register a Linked Card, or failing to use our receipt scan functionality, you will no longer generate Qualified Transactions or receive Rewards from transactions on that card. You may opt-out of transaction monitoring on the Linked Card(s) by navigating to your Account's settings menu on the Site.2.7 Offers and Rewards. To be eligible for Rewards, you acknowledge that you will be required to have an offer for that Reward (Offer) attached to your Linked Card. In order to redeem an Offer, you may make a purchase by using your Linked Card. When a Qualified Transaction for that Offer is detected on your Linked Card, the Company may then at Its discretion distribute the Reward to your Account either directly or via Third Party Service Providers.2.8 Returns and Fraud. If you redeem on Offer on your Linked Card and later initiate a return to a Merchant that results in a refund to your Linked Card, you are responsible for returning any and all cash back (Rewards) to the Company by sending a Venmo of the corresponding entire original purchase amount to Venmo username @claimco. If we detect instances of potential fraud involving suspicious returns and no return of Rewards to the Company, we may suspend your account at any time, in our sole discretion.3. User Content3.1 User Content. “User Content” means any and all information and content that a user submits to, or uses with, the Site (e.g., content in the user’s profile or postings). You are solely responsible for your User Content. You assume all risks associated with use of your User Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness by others, or any disclosure of your User Content that personally identifies you or any third party. You hereby represent and warrant that your User Content does not violate our Acceptable Use Policy (defined in Section 3.3). You may not represent or imply to others that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by Company. Because you alone are responsible for your User Content, you may expose yourself to liability if, for example, your User Content violates the Acceptable Use Policy. Company is not obligated to backup any User Content, and your User Content may be deleted at any time without prior notice. You are solely responsible for creating and maintaining your own backup copies of your User Content if you desire.3.2 License. You hereby grant (and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant) to Company an irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, worldwide license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use and exploit your User Content, and to grant sublicenses of the foregoing rights, solely for the purposes of including your User Content in the Site. You hereby irrevocably waive (and agree to cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content.3.3 Acceptable Use Policy. The following terms constitute our “Acceptable Use Policy”:You agree not to use the Site to collect, upload, transmit, display, or distribute any User Content (i) that violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (ii) that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening, harmful, invasive of another’s privacy, vulgar, defamatory, false, intentionally misleading, trade libelous, pornographic, obscene, patently offensive, promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual or is otherwise objectionable; (iii) that is harmful to minors in any way; or (iv) that is in violation of any law, regulation, or obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party.In addition, you agree not to: (i) upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the Site any computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data; (ii) send through the Site unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages, whether commercial or otherwise; (iii) use the Site to harvest, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding other users, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; (iv) interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on servers or networks connected to the Site, or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks; (v) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site (or to other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Site), whether through password mining or any other means; (vi) harass or interfere with any other user’s use and enjoyment of the Site; or (vi) use software or automated agents or scripts to produce multiple accounts on the Site, or to generate automated searches, requests, or queries to (or to strip, scrape, or mine data from) the Site (provided, however, that we conditionally grant to the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Site for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials, subject to the parameters set forth in our robots.txt file).3.4 Enforcement. We reserve the right (but have no obligation) to review any User Content, and to investigate and/or take appropriate action against you in our sole discretion if you violate the Acceptable Use Policy or any other provision of these Terms or otherwise create liability for us or any other person. Such action may include removing or modifying your User Content, terminating your Account in accordance with Section 8, and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities.3.5 Feedback. If you provide Company with any feedback or suggestions regarding the Site (“Feedback”), you hereby assign to Company all rights in such Feedback and agree that Company shall have the right to use and fully exploit such Feedback and related information in any manner it deems appropriate. Company will treat any Feedback you provide to Company as non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that you will not submit to Company any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.4. IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify and hold Company (and its officers, employees, and agents, as well as its Third Party Service Providers, including Card Payment Networks) harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claims, actions, suits, procedures, costs, expenses, damages, liabilities, or demands made by any third party due to or arising out of (a) your use of the Site and participation in the services offered by Company’s platform, (b) your violation of these Terms, (c) your violation of applicable laws or regulations or (d) your User Content. Company reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of Company. Company will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.5. Third-Party Links & Ads; Other Users5.1 Third-Party Links & Ads. The Site may contain links to third-party websites and services, and/or display advertisements for third parties (collectively, “Third-Party Links & Ads”). Such Third-Party Links & Ads are not under the control of Company, and Company is not responsible for any Third-Party Links & Ads. Company provides access to these Third-Party Links & Ads only as a convenience to you, and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to Third-Party Links & Ads. You use all Third-Party Links & Ads at your own risk, and should apply a suitable level of caution and discretion in doing so. When you click on any of the Third-Party Links & Ads, the applicable third party’s terms and policies apply, including the third party’s privacy and data gathering practices. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such Third-Party Links & Ads.5.2 Other Users. Each Site user is solely responsible for any and all of its own User Content. Because we do not control User Content, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any User Content, whether provided by you or by others. We make no guarantees regarding the accuracy, currency, suitability, or quality of any User Content. Your interactions with other Site users are solely between you and such users. You agree that Company will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions. If there is a dispute between you and any Site user, we are under no obligation to become involved.5.3 Meta SDK. We use certain SDK services, including Meta's, within the Site to track application installations and measure the effectiveness of our advertising. As a result, third parties may collect and process data such as app interaction data to attribute installs to our advertising campaigns. These third parties do not have access to your financial transaction data through the Site.5.4 Release. You hereby release and forever discharge the Company (and our officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns) from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature (including personal injuries, death, and property damage), that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or that relates directly or indirectly to, the Site (including any interactions with, or act or omission of, other Site users or any Third-Party Links & Ads). IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”6. DisclaimersTHE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND COMPANY (AND OUR SUPPLIERS) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE (AND OUR SUPPLIERS) MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS, OR WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE, COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE. IF APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF FIRST USE.SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.7. Limitation on Liability7.1 Exclusions. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY (OR OUR SUPPLIERS OR THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS INCLUDING CARD PAYMENT NETWORKS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS, OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM. THIS SECTION SHALL EXTEND TO, BENEFIT, AND EXPRESSLY APPLY TO THE THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS AND THEIR AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, AND AGENTS.7.2 Liability Cap. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY (INCLUDING THAT OF OUR SUPPLIERS OR THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS) TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT (FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION), WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO A MAXIMUM OF FIFTY US DOLLARS (U.S. $50). THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM WILL NOT ENLARGE THIS LIMIT. YOU AGREE THAT OUR SUPPLIERS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT.7.3 Third Party Liability. The Third Party Service Providers (including Payment Card Networks) jointly and severally, shall not be liable for, and do not assume any liability or responsibility for, any loss, damage, delay, death, or injury to persons or property arising from or as a result of the acts or omissions and/or representations (whether oral or written) of Company regardless of the form of action, whether, in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise. Each Third Party Service Provider’s collective liability for any claim arising from, in connection with, or as a result of these Terms, any other Company documents, any benefits, and/or the acts or omissions and/or representations (whether oral or written) relating to the benefits and services provided by the Third Party Service Providers (including Payment Card Networks) hereunder shall be and hereby are expressly limited.7.4 Applicability. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.8. Term and Termination‍Subject to this Section, these Terms will remain in full force and effect while you use the Site. We may suspend or terminate your rights to use the Site (including your Account) at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including for any use of the Site in violation of these Terms. Upon termination of your rights under these Terms, your Account and right to access and use the Site will terminate immediately. You understand that any termination of your Account may involve deletion of your User Content associated with your Account from our live databases. Company will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of your rights under these Terms, including for termination of your Account or deletion of your User Content. Even after your rights under these Terms are terminated, the following provisions of these Terms will remain in effect: Sections 2.2 through 2.5, Section 3 and Sections 4 through 10.9. Copyright PolicyCompany respects the intellectual property of others and asks that users of our Site do the same. In connection with our Site, we have adopted and implemented a policy respecting copyright law that provides for the removal of any infringing materials and for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of our online Site who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights, including copyrights. If you believe that one of our users is, through the use of our Site, unlawfully infringing the copyright(s) in a work, and wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) must be provided to our designated Copyright Agent:your physical or electronic signature;identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed;identification of the material on our services that you claim is infringing and that you request us to remove;sufficient information to permit us to locate such material;your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law; anda statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.Please note that, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), any misrepresentation of material fact (falsities) in a written notification automatically subjects the complaining party to liability for any damages, costs and attorney’s fees incurred by us in connection with the written notification and allegation of copyright infringement.10. General10.1 Changes. These Terms are subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us (if any), and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site. You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. Any changes to these Terms will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you (if applicable) or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Site. Continued use of our Site following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.10.2 Dispute Resolution. Please read this Arbitration Agreement carefully. It is part of your contract with Company and affects your rights. It contains procedures for MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.‍Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. All claims and disputes (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief as set forth below) in connection with the Terms or the use of any product or service provided by the Company that cannot be resolved informally or in small claims court shall be resolved by binding arbitration on an individual basis under the terms of this Arbitration Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed to, all arbitration proceedings shall be held in English. This Arbitration Agreement applies to you and the Company, and to any subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or goods provided under the Terms.Notice Requirement and Informal Dispute Resolution. Before either party may seek arbitration, the party must first send to the other party a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”) describing the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, and the requested relief. A Notice to the Company should be sent to: 50 Milk St., 16th Floor, Boston, MA 02109. After the Notice is received, you and the Company may attempt to resolve the claim or dispute informally. If you and the Company do not resolve the claim or dispute within thirty (30) days after the Notice is received, either party may begin an arbitration proceeding. The amount of any settlement offer made by any party may not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator has determined the amount of the award, if any, to which either party is entitled.Arbitration Rules. Arbitration shall be initiated through the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), an established alternative dispute resolution provider (“ADR Provider”) that offers arbitration as set forth in this section. If AAA is not available to arbitrate, the parties shall agree to select an alternative ADR Provider. The rules of the ADR Provider shall govern all aspects of the arbitration, including but not limited to the method of initiating and/or demanding arbitration, except to the extent such rules are in conflict with the Terms. The AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules (“Arbitration Rules”) governing the arbitration are available online at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879. The arbitration shall be conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator. Any claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is less than Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars (US $10,000.00) may be resolved through binding non-appearance-based arbitration, at the option of the party seeking relief. For claims or disputes where the total amount of the award sought is Ten Thousand U.S. Dollars (US $10,000.00) or more, the right to a hearing will be determined by the Arbitration Rules. Any hearing will be held in a location within 100 miles of your residence, unless you reside outside of the United States, and unless the parties agree otherwise. If you reside outside of the U.S., the arbitrator shall give the parties reasonable notice of the date, time and place of any oral hearings. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. If the arbitrator grants you an award that is greater than the last settlement offer that the Company made to you prior to the initiation of arbitration, the Company will pay you the greater of the award or $2,500.00. Each party shall bear its own costs (including attorney’s fees) and disbursements arising out of the arbitration and shall pay an equal share of the fees and costs of the ADR Provider.Additional Rules for Non-Appearance Based Arbitration. If non-appearance based arbitration is elected, the arbitration shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or based solely on written submissions; the specific manner shall be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration. The arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise agreed by the parties.Time Limits. If you or the Company pursue arbitration, the arbitration action must be initiated and/or demanded within the statute of limitations (i.e., the legal deadline for filing a claim) and within any deadline imposed under the AAA Rules for the pertinent claim.Authority of Arbitrator. If arbitration is initiated, the arbitrator will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and the Company, and the dispute will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages, and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the AAA Rules, and the Terms. The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and the Company.Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY, instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement. Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient and less costly than rules applicable in a court and are subject to very limited review by a court. In the event any litigation should arise between you and the Company in any state or federal court in a suit to vacate or enforce an arbitration award or otherwise, YOU AND THE COMPANY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, instead electing that the dispute be resolved by a judge.Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions. ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER.Confidentiality. All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, including but not limited to the award of the arbitrator and compliance therewith, shall be strictly confidential. The parties agree to maintain confidentiality unless otherwise required by law. This paragraph shall not prevent a party from submitting to a court of law any information necessary to enforce this Agreement, to enforce an arbitration award, or to seek injunctive or equitable relief.Severability. If any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.Right to Waive. Any or all of the rights and limitations set forth in this Arbitration Agreement may be waived by the party against whom the claim is asserted. Such waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of this Arbitration Agreement.Survival of Agreement. This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Company.Small Claims Court. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or the Company may bring an individual action in small claims court.Emergency Equitable Relief. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may seek emergency equitable relief before a state or federal court in order to maintain the status quo pending arbitration. A request for interim measures shall not be deemed a waiver of any other rights or obligations under this Arbitration Agreement.Claims Not Subject to Arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, claims of defamation, violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark or trade secrets shall not be subject to this Arbitration Agreement.Courts. In any circumstances where the foregoing Arbitration Agreement permits the parties to litigate in court, the parties hereby agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Suffolk County, Massachusetts, for such purpose10.3 Export. The Site may be subject to U.S. export control laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. You agree not to export, reexport, or transfer, directly or indirectly, any U.S. technical data acquired from Company, or any products utilizing such data, in violation of the United States export laws or regulations.10.4 Disclosures. Company is located at the address in Section 10.8. If you are a California resident, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Product of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.10.5 Electronic Communications. The communications between you and Company use electronic means, whether you use the Site or send us emails, or whether Company posts notices on the Site or communicates with you via email. For contractual purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from Company in an electronic form; and (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that Company provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were be in a hardcopy writing. The foregoing does not affect your non-waivable rights.10.6 Entire Terms. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Site. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. The word “including” means “including without limitation”. If any provision of these Terms is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these Terms will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Your relationship to Company is that of an independent contractor, and neither party is an agent or partner of the other. These Terms, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without Company’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. Company may freely assign these Terms. The terms and conditions set forth in these Terms shall be binding upon assignees.10.7 Copyright/Trademark Information. Copyright © 2024 Claim Digital Assets Inc. All rights reserved. All trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on the Site are our property or the property of other third parties. You are not permitted to use these Marks without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party which may own the Marks.11. Messaging for Claim Drops11.1 Program Description. When you opt-in to receive SMS messages for the Claim Drop program, you will receive a weekly message to notify you when your Drop is ready from a short code number (the "SMS Service"). These messages are typically sent on Thursdays at or around 11am EST.11.2 Opt-out. You can cancel the SMS Service at any time. Just text "STOP" to the short code. After you send the SMS message "STOP" to us, we will send you an SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive SMS messages from us. If you want to join again, just text the short code number "START" and we will start sending SMS messages to you again.11.3 Help. If you are experiencing issues with the messaging program you can reply with the keyword HELP for more assistance, or you can get help directly by texting us at (201) 559-0484.11.4 No Carrier Liability. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.11.5 Message and Data Rates. As always, message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. You will receive a text from us about once per week. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider.11.6 Privacy Policy. If you have any questions regarding privacy, please read our privacy policy here.12. Definitions‍The following capitalized terms shall have the meanings ascribed in this Section 12.12.1 “Card Payment Networks” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3. 12.2 “Eligible Payment Cards” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3. 12.3 “Linked Card” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.3. 12.4 “Merchant” shall have the meaning given in Section 1.3.12.5 “Qualified Transaction” shall have the meaning given in Section 1.3.12.6 “Rewards” shall have the meaning given in Section 1.3.12.7 “Third Party Service Provider” shall have the meaning given in Section 1.3.13. Contact InformationClaim Digital Assets Inc.50 Milk St, 16th FloorBoston, MA 02109Customer Service Text: (201) 559-0484© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co//howto
Claim - FAQ🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimFAQsNew to Claim? Welcome! We're glad you're here.Here are some questions we're often asked.Need help? Text us at (201) 559-0484. We're a small team, and we'll get back to you ASAP.Why do you need my credit card?Which schools have Claim?What is Plaid and how does Claim use it?What if I make a return?Our data promiseHow does Claim make money?How do I redeem Claims?How do I earn more Claims?Can I use a delivery service?© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co//howto/what-if-i-make-a-return
Claim - What if I make a return?🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimHow To ClaimNew to Claim? Welcome! We're glad you're here.What if I make a return?We get it — sometimes the shoe doesn't fit.Here's what do to when that happens:If you've received a Venmo from Claim for the returned purchase, send a Venmo back to @claimco (see QR code below).A hold may be placed on your account, and sending a Venmo will bring you back into good standing.‍Back to How Tos© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co//howto/how-does-claim-make-money
Claim - How does Claim make money?🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimHow To ClaimNew to Claim? Welcome! We're glad you're here.How does Claim make money?Claim makes money when you try a brand for the first time.Brands pay for your rewards on Claim, just like they’d pay for an ad, except that ad budget goes back into your pocket.We partner with brands to send Claims to you if you’re likely to love them based on where you shop.If you use that Claim, we’ll charge the brand for two things:The amount we Venmo to youA small fee for Claim. This is usually a few dollars at a time, which is how we make money.This way, a brand can get a great new customer and you can get a valuable discount you actually want.It’s like a virtual free sample.Our goal is to build a better form of advertising by creating a win-win system. Today, most brands will pay Facebook and Google money to track you and send you ads hoping you’ll make a purchase. These platforms then track things like your location, searches and other factors to guess when you’ve made a purchase. That freaks us out, so we’re trying to build a better way.With Claim, it’s simpler and better for all parties. You get free stuff, and brands get great new customers.It’s a win-win (well, except for Facebook and Google) ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Here's a 60 second video on how Claim works with brand partners.Back to How Tos© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co//howto/how-do-i-earn-more-claims
Claim - How do I earn more Claims?🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimHow To ClaimNew to Claim? Welcome! We're glad you're here.How do I earn more Claims?There are lots of ways to earn more Claims and we’re always adding more.Here are a few:The Drop: At least once a week, we drop Claims from the sky into your wallet so you can try new things you’ll love. Check the Drops screen for the countdown to cash. Pro tip: Keep texts and notifications on so you don’t miss a Drop.Trades: Want a different Claim? Head to the Trades screen to make a deal with a friend or another user on Claim to get what you really want. Heads up: you’ll only be able to trade for brands where you haven’t shopped at before.Invites: For a limited time only, when you invite a friend you’ll get another Claim.Back to How Tos© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co//howto/which-schools-have-claim
Claim - Which schools have Claim?🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimHow To ClaimNew to Claim? Welcome! We're glad you're here.Which schools have Claim?Claim is available at 70+ colleges campuses across the US.Check here to see if your school is eligible (and cast your vote if not!)Back to How Tos© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co/schools-with-claim
Claim - Eligible Schools 🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimClaim is live on 70+ campusesDon't see your school? We're expanding quickly! Let us know if you'd like Claim to come to your campus next.Download ClaimRequest Your SchoolArizonaArizona State UniversityPhoenix, AZArizona CaliforniaCSU NorthridgeNorthridge, CACalifornia San Diego State UniversitySan Diego, CACalifornia San Jose State UniversitySan Jose, CACalifornia Santa Clara UniversitySanta Clara, CACalifornia Stanford UniversityPalo Alto, CACalifornia University of California, BerkeleyBerkeley, CACalifornia University of California, IrvineIrvine, CACalifornia University of California, Los AngelesLos Angeles, CACalifornia University of California, San DiegoSan Diego, CACalifornia University of California, Santa BarbaraSanta Barbara, CACalifornia University of San DiegoSan Diego, CACalifornia University of Southern CaliforniaLos Angeles, CACalifornia ColoradoUniversity of Colorado BoulderBoulder, COColorado DelawareUniversity of DelawareNewark, DEDelaware District of ColumbiaAmerican UniversityWashington, DCDistrict of Columbia Catholic UniversityWashington, DCDistrict of Columbia George Washington UniversityWashington, DCDistrict of Columbia Georgetown UniversityWashington, DCDistrict of Columbia Howard UniversityWashington, DCDistrict of Columbia University of the District of ColumbiaWashington, DCDistrict of Columbia FloridaUniversity of MiamiMiami, FLFlorida GeorgiaEmory UniversityAtlanta, GAGeorgia Georgia TechAtlanta, GAGeorgia IllinoisDePaul UniversityChicago, ILIllinois Northwestern UniversityEvanston, ILIllinois IndianaIndiana UniversityBloomington, INIndiana MarylandUniversity of MarylandCollege Park, MDMaryland MassachusettsBoston CollegeBoston, MAMassachusetts Boston UniversityBoston, MAMassachusetts Harvard UniversityCambridge, MAMassachusetts MITBoston, MAMassachusetts Northeastern UniversityBoston, MAMassachusetts Tufts UniversityMedford, MAMassachusetts MichiganUniversity of MichiganAnn Arbor, MIMichigan MinnesotaUniversity of MinnesotaMinneapolis, MNMinnesota New YorkColumbia UniversityNew York, NYNew York Fordham UniversityNew York, NYNew York New York UniversityNew York, NYNew York North CarolinaNC State UniversityRaleigh, NCNorth Carolina University of North Carolina at Chapel HillChapel Hill, NCNorth Carolina OhioOhio State UniversityColumbus, OHOhio PennsylvaniaDrexel UniversityPhiladelphia, PAPennsylvania Penn State UniversityUniversity Park, PAPennsylvania Temple UniversityPhiladelphia, PAPennsylvania University of PennsylvaniaPhiladelphia, PAPennsylvania University of PittsburghPittsburgh, PAPennsylvania Rhode IslandBrown UniversityProvidence, RIRhode Island South CarolinaUniversity of South CarolinaColumbia, SCSouth Carolina TexasRice UniversityHouston, TXTexas Texas A&M UniversityCollege Station, TXTexas Texas Christian UniversityFort Worth, TXTexas University of HoustonHouston, TXTexas University of Texas at AustinAustin, TXTexas VirginiaUniversity of VirginiaCharlottesville, VAVirginia Virginia Commonwealth UniversityRichmond, VAVirginia Virginia TechBlacksburg, VAVirginia WashingtonUniversity of WashingtonSeattle, WAWashington WisconsinUniversity of Wisconsin MadisonMadison, WIWisconsin © 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co//howto/how-do-i-redeem-claims
Claim - How do I redeem Claims?🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimHow To ClaimNew to Claim? Welcome! We're glad you're here.How do I redeem Claims?Redeeming Claims is easy.After unwrapping a Claim, just make a purchase — either in-person or directly through the brand’s website — on the same card you linked. Once you've made your purchase, you're all set. Our system will see the transaction on your linked card, and we’ll send you a Venmo.So all it takes is:Linking your credit or debit card and confirming your Venmo account (just once, during onboarding)Unwrapping your ClaimMaking a purchase with that linked cardReceiving cash on VenmoIn rare cases, it can take up to 5 days to detect that you've made a transaction and receive your automatic Venmo — this usually happens when a bank’s credit card processing systems are slow. If it’s been longer than 5 days and you haven’t received a payout, let us know by texting us at (201) 559-0484.Here are some things you don’t need to do to redeem a Claim.You don’t need to type in a coupon codeYou don’t need to scan a QR codeYou don’t need to have an awkward conversation with the cashier about ClaimYou don’t need to invite a friend (but we think you’ll want to)Back to How Tos© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co//howto/can-i-use-a-delivery-service
Claim - Can I use a delivery service?🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimHow To ClaimNew to Claim? Welcome! We're glad you're here.Can I use a delivery service?We’re often asked if Claim works with DoorDash, GrubHub, or UberEats, or if if you can purchase through a 3rd party retailer (ex: Sephora)The answer is… not yet.For now, you’ll need to redeem your Claims online or in person directly from the brand’s website or store.So while we unfortunately don’t support 3rd party services like Uber Eats, Amazon, etc., we hope you’ll support your new favorite spots by buying directly on the brand’s website or IRL. 💜Back to How Tos© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co//howto/what-is-plaid-and-how-does-claim-use-it
Claim - What is Plaid and how does Claim use it?🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimHow To ClaimNew to Claim? Welcome! We're glad you're here.What is Plaid and how does Claim use it?Plaid is a $13 billion company built to securely connect bank accounts to applications like Claim.We use Plaid to securely link to your bank. In fact, Claim never sees your login information or your credit card number.Remember when you first signed up for Venmo? We don't either, but you used Plaid to connect your bank account to Venmo.Plaid is the (often invisible) backbone of many companies, including Tesla, Brex, US Bank, SoFi, Acorns, Chime, Mint.com, and Betterment. Plaid is the official connection partner of Chase, Amex, Wells Fargo, and other banks.Plaid follows strict security protocols to ensure sensitive data stays out of the hands of fraudsters. On top of that, for consumers, Plaid allows you to view and control exactly what data they've shared.In short, it's a safe and secure way to link your financial accounts.Read more about Plaid's safety and security here.Back to How Tos© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co//howto/our-data-promise
Claim - Our data promise🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimHow To ClaimNew to Claim? Welcome! We're glad you're here.Our data promiseHey, we’re Sam and Tap, Claim’s co-founders.We’re building Claim to upend traditional advertising and give the power back to you as a consumer. We started Claim as roommates at HBS, and we’re now working with some of the world’s leading brands and investors to solve this problem.On a personal note, we wanted to tell you that we will never sell your personal data.We wouldn’t want anyone selling ours, so we wouldn’t build a company to sell yours.We take your trust seriously and only need your credit card to find what new places you’d like to try and to verify you went.Thanks, and welcome to Claim.P.S. If you have any questions or concerns, text Sam's personal number (617) 420-5228 — I try to respond within 24 hours.Back to How Tos© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co/sms:+16174205228
Claim - 404 Not FoundTeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimIs this a group project?Because we're letting you down.We can't find this page anywhere.Back to Home
 Header: https://www.claim.co//howto/why-do-you-need-my-credit-card
Claim - Why do you need my credit card?🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimHow To ClaimNew to Claim? Welcome! We're glad you're here.Why do you need my credit card?Great question. We use your credit card to do three things:1. Allow you to redeem Claim rewards seamlesslyWhen you’re at the checkout, you just pay with your linked card. No QR codes to scan, no codes to type in, and no need to explain anything at the register. You just swipe your card and we’ll pay you back.2. Detect when you buy something at a specific brandWe’re only able to pay you back once you’ve securely shared your card information with us via Plaid. When you use your card to redeem a Claim, our system gets a notification with the transaction, then you get a Venmo — like magic.3. Understand your favorite brandsOur goal is to help you and your friends find your new favorite things and explore the world around you. We reach out to brands our users frequent with aggregated data to persuade them to find their next best customers through Claim. By understanding your favorite brands, we can better pair you with you cash back rewards you actually want and match you with new spots you’ll love.Here’s one thing we don’t use your card for: We’ll never sell your personal information.We use industry-leading security software like Plaid to make sure your information stays safe and anonymous, and we do not let anyone see where you personally shopped.Here's Our Data Promise, and to learn more about Claim and our mission, check out our blog.Back to How Tos© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co/howto/what-is-plaid-and-how-does-claim-use-it
Claim - What is Plaid and how does Claim use it?🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimHow To ClaimNew to Claim? Welcome! We're glad you're here.What is Plaid and how does Claim use it?Plaid is a $13 billion company built to securely connect bank accounts to applications like Claim.We use Plaid to securely link to your bank. In fact, Claim never sees your login information or your credit card number.Remember when you first signed up for Venmo? We don't either, but you used Plaid to connect your bank account to Venmo.Plaid is the (often invisible) backbone of many companies, including Tesla, Brex, US Bank, SoFi, Acorns, Chime, Mint.com, and Betterment. Plaid is the official connection partner of Chase, Amex, Wells Fargo, and other banks.Plaid follows strict security protocols to ensure sensitive data stays out of the hands of fraudsters. On top of that, for consumers, Plaid allows you to view and control exactly what data they've shared.In short, it's a safe and secure way to link your financial accounts.Read more about Plaid's safety and security here.Back to How Tos© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
 Header: https://www.claim.co/howto/our-data-promise
Claim - Our data promise🚀 Announcing our seed round led by Sequoia Capital →TeamFor MarketersCareersFAQJoin ClaimHow To ClaimNew to Claim? Welcome! We're glad you're here.Our data promiseHey, we’re Sam and Tap, Claim’s co-founders.We’re building Claim to upend traditional advertising and give the power back to you as a consumer. We started Claim as roommates at HBS, and we’re now working with some of the world’s leading brands and investors to solve this problem.On a personal note, we wanted to tell you that we will never sell your personal data.We wouldn’t want anyone selling ours, so we wouldn’t build a company to sell yours.We take your trust seriously and only need your credit card to find what new places you’d like to try and to verify you went.Thanks, and welcome to Claim.P.S. If you have any questions or concerns, text Sam's personal number (617) 420-5228 — I try to respond within 24 hours.Back to How Tos© 2024 Claim. All rights reserved.All logos and marks are property of their owners.ProductDownload ClaimFor MarketersCompanyTeamBlogCareersResourcesFAQEligible SchoolsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
